Update faq.md (#11)
nodeset-org/docs.nodeset.io: node-operators/faq.md

# FAQ

## MAINNET

### What are the hardware requirements for participating in NodeSet?

Currently the requirements for operating a NodeSet node are the same as [those of Ethereum solo staking](https://docs.ethstaker.cc/ethstaker-knowledge-base/hardware/hardware-requirements). This is because the only NodeSet opportunities available at the moment are for Ethereum staking, but in the future, as opportunities expand, hardware requirements for those will be listed separately.

If you're looking for low-cost hardware with minimum power draw, we recommend taking a look at [the Proteus, a project developed by our Lead Client Engineer, Joe Clapis](https://github.com/mercadian/proteus/wiki).

### Where can I get support for my node operation?

The [NodeSet community Discord server](https://discord.gg/dNshadxVkg) is the best place for discussing your operation with others. If you have general questions around operations, this community is kind, welcoming, and highly technical.\
\
If you notice an opportunity for improvement with with any of our technical implementations, please open an issue on the relevant repository [on the NodeSet GitHub](https://github.com/nodeset-org).

## TESTNET

> ### Is there a minimum amount of time that we need to have a validator up on testnet?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How long do operators need to have a validator active on testnet before gaining access to mainnet?
```

> You can shut it down relatively quickly if you so desire. We do want to test some additional functionality with the community (e.g., increasing the validator target), but we don't need everyone to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no minimum time. You can exit it immediately and still have access to mainnet. However, we always recommend keeping a test environment online if possible so you can test changes to your configuration, new Hyperdrive versions, etc.
```
